Backend/azure/update to latest sdks (#36258)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/backend/azurerm.mdx

* `key` - (Required) The name of the Blob used to retrieve/store Terraform's State file inside the Storage Container.

> * `environment` - (Optional) The Azure Environment which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_ENVIRONMENT` environment variable. Possible values are `public`, `china`  and `usgovernment`. Defaults to `public`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `environment`: (Optional) Specifies the Azure environment to use. Specify one of the following values:
      - `public`, 
      - `china`  
      - `usgovernment`. 
      The default is `public`.
   You can set the `ARM_ENVIRONMENT` environment variable to configure this option.
```
Addresses grammar issues and writing style violations.

Author: Done

* `metadata_host` - (Optional) The Hostname of the Azure Metadata Service (for example `management.azure.com`), used to obtain the Cloud Environment when using a Custom Azure Environment. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_METADATA_HOSTNAME` Environment Variable.

* `snapshot` - (Optional) Should the Blob used to store the Terraform Statefile be snapshotted before use? Defaults to `false`. This value can also be sourced from the `ARM_SNAPSHOT` environment variable.

> * `use_cli` - (Optional) Should Azure CLI be used for authentication? Defaults to `false`. This value can also be sourced from the `ARM_USE_CLI` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `use_cli`: (Optional) Enables Terraform to use the Azure CLI for authentication. The default is `false`. You can also set the `ARM_USE_CLI` environment variable to configure this option.
```
Not sure why some of these are phrased as questions, but we should directly and concretely state what the option does.

Author: Done. The question style is what we've been using for the `azreurm` document all the time, for bools.

* `use_oidc` - (Optional) Should OIDC authentication be used? This can also be sourced from the `ARM_USE_OIDC` environment variable.

> * `use_aks_workload_identity` (Optional) Should Azure AKS Workload Identity be used for Authentication? This can also be sourced from the `ARM_USE_AKS_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `use_aks_workload_identity`: (Optional) Enables Terraform to use the Azure AKS workload identity for authentication. You can  set the `ARM_USE_AKS_WORKLOAD_IDENTITY` environment variable to configure this option.
```

Author: Done

* `client_id` - (Optional) The Client ID of the Service Principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.

> * `client_id_file_path` (Optional) The path to a file containing the Client ID which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID_FILE_PATH` Environment Variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_id_file_path`: (Optional) Specifies the path to a file containing the client ID. Terraform presents the client ID when authenticating with Azure. You can set the `ARM_CLIENT_ID_FILE_PATH` environment variable to configure this option.
```
What does Terraform do with the client ID? Please correct this suggestion as necessary.

Author: > Terraform presents the client ID when authenticating with Azure

* `client_certificate_password` - (Optional) The password associated with the Client Certificate specified in `client_certificate_path`. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PASSWORD` environment variable.

* `client_certificate_path` - (Optional) The path to the PFX file used as the Client Certificate when authenticating as a Service Principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH` environment variable.

> * `client_certificate` - (Optional) Base64 encoded PKCS#12 certificate bundle to use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_certificate`: (Optional) Specifies a base64-encoded PKCS#12 certificate bundle to use for authenticating as a service principal using a client certificate. You can set the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE` environment variable to configure this option.
```

* `client_id` - (Optional) The Client ID of the Service Principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.

> * `client_id_file_path` (Optional) The path to a file containing the Client ID which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID_FILE_PATH` Environment Variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_id_file_path`: (Optional) Specifies the path to a file containing the client ID. Terraform presents the file client ID when authenticating with Azure. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID_FILE_PATH` Environment Variable.
```
Again, not sure if I'm describing the process correctly, but we should use active voice to make this information clear.

* `client_secret` - (Optional) The Client Secret of the Service Principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.

> * `client_secret_file_path` - (Optional) The path to a file containing the Client Secret which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET_FILE_PATH` Environment Variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_secret_file_path`: (Optional) Specifies the path to a file containing the client secret. Terraform must present the client secret to authenticate with Azure. You can set the `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET_FILE_PATH` environment variable to configure this option.
```
